back in 1988 I was in the Marine Corps
excellent condition got out of the
Marine Corps now still in excellent
condition I was running ten miles a day
enjoying life and I was in the best
shape ever and then I had a car wreck
absolutely devastating eight months in
bed of course during those eight months
I've gained a little bit of weight I
thought I was still the same person but
apparently I wasn't still upbeat
happy-go-lucky but I started gaining a
belly that I never had before yes it was
showing in my face and I didn't even
know it time for a challenge oh yes I'm
going to do it I'm gonna make it I know
I'm going to do the best I ever could no
unfortunately I couldn't I even had to
get rid of my horses back in February
11th 2008 it's time for me to do it
again and these are my before pictures I
got a little bit of belly but not that
bad one month later Here I am looking
and feeling better than I ever have
getting a little bit of muscles in my
arms trimming down that horrible gut
look at that just a pinch in an inch
here's the comparison one month ago to
now oh yeah I'm getting there folks
slowly but surely I will have my
washboard abs
okay and now we have only three and a
half months left before we go on the
body for life road trip and of course
the body for life cruise now one month
into this challenge I've lost incredible
lot of weight
I went from 235 today I weighed 219
pounds I am dropping the weight I can
feel it I can see it and you know I have
three half months before the road trip
and the cruise so I will see abs I know
I will
the only thing is I am going vegetarian
and I'm swimming and I'm hiking that's
the only thing I can do I can not lift
weights because of the back and because
of the compression but I'm swimming I'm
walking and I'm going vegetarian I will
do it and if I can do it you definitely
can do it we'll see you at the finish
line